system-variables: update `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` (#13309)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `ON`
- This variable controls whether to enable the acceleration of `ADD INDEX` and `CREATE INDEX` to improve the speed of backfilling for index creation. Setting this variable value to `ON` can bring performance improvement for index creation on tables with a large amount of data.

> - The checkpoint mechanism is introduced in TiDB v7.1.0. Even if TiDB owner is restarted or changed due to failure, it can recover progress from checkpoints that update automatically on a regular basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting from v7.1.0, the index acceleration operation supports checkpoints. Even if TiDB owner is restarted or changed due to failure, TiDB can recover progress from checkpoints that are automatically updated on a regular basis.
```

> - Starting from v7.1.0, the index acceleration operation supports checkpoints. Even if TiDB owner is restarted or changed due to failure, TiDB can recover progress from checkpoints that are automatically updated on a regular basis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Starting from v7.1.0, the index acceleration operation supports checkpoints. Even if the TiDB owner node is restarted or changed due to failures, TiDB can still recover progress from checkpoints that are automatically updated on a regular basis.
```
